In my other job as a book reviewer, I have interviewed perhaps 600 authors over the last four years.
From the beginning, I've had to describe books to me.
How many books do we have?
A thousand?
And obviously, I can't take them all.
But, boy, when you do somebody like Anthony Burgess, or Kennedy, who I like, very good, Joe Welty.
Oh, boy.
This is stuff that's great to have.
It's almost of archival quality.
I guess I'll be asking about that.
Well, it's there.
This stuff is pretty interesting, but this is fun, too.
This is just, Dr. Seary, a kind of...
summary of what this job is for you, I guess.
Sure.
I did an American Library Association as a rare book section that they published annually.
They said the quote of the year was mine.
I said, my coming to the HRC was rather like offering King Midas an opportunity to spend the night in Fort Knox.
Obviously, if you're in modern literature and you're interested
both as a literary critic and scholar, as well as a person who's been deeply engaged in the book world for as long as I have.
This is the mother low.
This is where it is.
My interest is that it combines so many of the things that I'm interested in, obviously the scholarship and the research.
And I think that's extremely important, and I think that that's a direction that the HRC is going to go much further.
I think we're going to play a much more prominent role in research in humanities.
But I also think that the link with the curriculum, the link with what's going on in the graduate programs at the University of Texas.
We are a part of the University of Texas.
We are a part of a major international university.
And for so long, I think people saw UHRC as something discreet, something
even peripheral or something out there that was very important to the university, but it was not really connected.
I think one of the things that I've emphasized here has been that the HRC serves several publics, not just one.
It serves the public of the local Austin community.
We have exhibitions, as you might have seen, World War II exhibitions.
We have a calligraphy exhibition, a book exhibition.
And in Austin, Texas, you don't draw 2,400,000 people as you do at the British Library when you have a major exhibition.
But we do perform an important service, and people come from many places in Texas.
So that's public service.
We also are supportive of the Texas Humanities Commission, and we do things to support those kinds of things, traveling shows, whatever it might be, because we are part of the state, and that's a service.
That's not our most important role, but it is a community.
The second public really has to be concerned that is the public of the university, our own constituencies, the various departments.
We've got to develop important relationships with them and help their scholars who are developing research collections.
We engage in a great deal of dialogue with them.
We are part of the university.
I think the HRC may be profited from its unique relationship to the rest of the university and its directness
with the regents and the presidents and the chancellor and all of that.
But I also think that it was neglected in certain ways by Donald Trump.
He had a great deal to do in terms of technology, in terms of integration with the rest of the system, as it were.
A fork and an extremely important element to the deal is our relationship to our peers.
And our peers are places like the Newberry, the Huntington, the Newark Public, the Burroughs.
These are places that are fundamentally very strong major research institutions.
That's our role.
We certainly, in terms of our collections, when we're going through the Widener, the Beineke, the Houghton, these are obviously the kinds of institutions that we have great affinity with.
And I think it's important for this institution to provide the level of research service, the level of scholarly work that an international humanities research center demands.
And that's where a great deal of our emphasis is going on.
We're also much more eclectic in most places.
I mean, we're not just a library.
85,000 pieces of art.
We have five million photographs.
We have huge film collections.
We are eclectic, and that tremendous variety creates interesting problems for us, but it also allows us to mount exhibitions and interpret collections in ways that a lot of other places would never have, especially in the broad cultural areas and interdisciplinary studies.
I look upon these as opportunities that present difficulties.
That's why we have such a very, very large investment in conservation.
We have one of the largest conservation departments in the country.
That was something to say.
Well, if you have a 20th century collection, if you have 20th century collections, it's a major, major issue because, as you well know, we're talking about yellow dust.
If you can't do something to intervene and preserve and conserve,
We've got to deacidify, and we've got major issues that are coming up.
There was one thing.
We took a little walk through the news like that time.
Well, there's something to walk by, and you can just go on.
Oh, sure, in a morning, and then to walk by, and there's a G's in the middle of a suit.
And as we're walking out, I see, they look like six red ammunition boxes.
I said, what's the name?
He said, well, that's blocking the stuff.
He said, I can't tell you about that.
He asked that all about it.
We have some restricted material.
Restricted in what sense?
By the donors.
In other words, they're not allowed.
They're sealed for a certain food.
Ah.
That's not unusual.
No, it's not.
But it's not something of which I'm comfortable with, which I'm comfortable with.
But I was asked by someone, and I thought about this when I looked at restricted material in himself, and as one person in the profession said,
You're sitting there and you see this material, and your choice is, do you get it or do you not get it?
It's a harder choice than one thing, but I still don't like the idea of sealed material.
Is that proper material?
In this case, yes.
I'm not asking you to betray anything, but... are these stipulations laid out by the family, or by the...
For reasons that make sense?
Well, for reasons that make sense to them.
I understand.
Now, I didn't buy this material.
This was bought 20-some years ago.
And it's still sealed.
Some of it, it will come out of sealed this year.
Is it, but Henry, do you know the character of the comics?
I know some of them.
And it is, in fact, sealed.
Nobody gets answered.
That's right.
It's sealed.
Sealed with the old, remember those old freight train seals?
That's interesting.
It's kind of like impounding material at the end.
Well, is it libelist stuff, or is it just sensitive?
Oh, I don't know.
I would venture to say that it's not libelist.
People have reasons.
You've been following the Stephen Joyce controversies.
I mean, what is your position on this?
My position is that a family has every right to make the decisions that they want to make regarding the material.
We have every right to make the decision of whether we're going to purchase it or not under those restrictions.
It becomes a matter of negotiation.
There are materials.
The issue with living writers, I have great sympathy for them.
But if you're going to restrict something into perpetuity, the only thing in the library becomes is a warehouse.
And we've got enough space, but we can't afford warehouse space.
You're assuming the stuff is that significant?
You'd rather not, do you?
But that's a craft journey.
Sure.
But if it's Scott Fitzgerald's paper, or William Farnham's, or James Joyce's, you'd go to Josh.
One other thing, you were quoted in that Library Journal piece that you mentioned,
He said, you would recommend to any young collectors starting today to start with the writers of his home generation.
Yeah, I was talking to somebody about that the other day.
I'm increasingly convinced that, and I certainly did this, and for a variety of reasons, you're closer to that culture when you begin collecting.
You're close to the culture of the writers, the contemporary of that culture.
The second reason is just the sheer economics of it.
I couldn't afford it.
How many people collect?
You need to collect writers or themes that really interest you.
I don't think, I mean, otherwise you're in it for speculation.
I can see where some people invest in the art market.
Maybe that's one thing or another.
But the books, I think it's important to be a reader in a collection.
To know your collection.
Yeah.
That's why I was saying yesterday, it gave me such a kick to watch you become a collector.
Oh, with the joys.
Oh, wonderful.
I've collected privately a number of things.
I collect World War I.
for example, and I had some luck.
And remember when I was a kid collecting in the 50s, 60s, there were still things out there.
I mean, the world wasn't as networked where everybody knew what was available, what wasn't available.
You could still find things.
I can still remember going to the Green Gables and picking up that Eric Gill over there for $25.
You still find things out there.
Yeah, yeah, you still can.
You still can, but it's tough.
Larry McMurtry has a character in Cadillac Jack.
Yeah, Cadillac Jack.
Zach Jenks, one of the pieces I sent to him, quote, is, anything can be anywhere.
That's right.
Yeah.
My point is, it's a lot easier to collect writers if you've been out in the last 10 years than it is to collect yours.
I know right now.
I write a little poem where I recommend books to buy right now, but it'd be an issue.
Sure.
By the right collectible authors.
Anything Anne Tyler writes,
She's remarkably good.
Remarkably good and remarkably flexible.
Margaret Atwood's good program.
You what?
I have interviewed Margaret Atwood.
She's Canadian.
They both had best sellers in the United States.
That's amazing.
It was really amazing when they got 10% of the population.
There are some good Canadian artists, like Lou McLennan, 25 years ago, I don't know what his reputation is now.
Of course, more Italian before that.
Some interesting artists.
You made one other comment a year ago, but you did say something about, you know, when you are collecting living people, contemporary people, you know, there's a 10% chance, or whatever that thing is, that sometimes people kind of watch out.
And you said, but even then, it's not a worthless sacrifice.
Well, you know, one way in which you define a genius in the world of literature is someone that goes beyond his or her generation.
The real greatness is eccentric.
But on the other hand, sometimes the best way to study a particular period
is not to see the genius whose time is much larger.
The very limitations of the minor writer is perhaps because they're so tightly connected to their century, or to their decade, or to their lifetime.
And so we frequently get a better picture of the period from the minor writer.
So from a point of view of history, these people are willing to seem to collect in that they reflect the culture of their immediate time.
They're all so important to collect from the point of view of publishing history.
Well, I think it's good to have representative books from the period.
Somebody's going to do a kind of sociology of the bestseller, of the book trade, the book industry, how the books are made.
I mean, you know, everybody thinks that the Gutenberg Bibles down there is some kind of a monument.
Most of the people who come and study the Gutenberg Bible study the ink, the paper, the printing, hundreds of things.
Many of the people who study it are not interested at all in the theology.
In fact, the edition that it's translated from is not necessarily a very fine edition of text.
It's not very textually very important.
So, you know, we don't, we who are collectors, and we are people who build these collections, we don't set the agenda for scholars.
A library is a place of discovery.
It's not a place of pronouncements.
You get into a place like this,
frequently, the very collection you've bought, scholars are going to find reasons in there and things in there that you never thought were close to it.
I was talking to Jeffrey Selznick here the other day, after the Selznick collection.
He said, well, he said, you know, I think they'll be doing this or doing that.
I said, Jeffrey, you don't know what people are going to find in that collection.
People are going to work on things in that collection.
that you, your father, anybody connected with us never had any idea what it was about.
And that's what it is.
I mean, after all, the reason we're in this business is the process of discovery, the whole issue of the way in which we interpret a culture.
That's what we do in the humanities.
And we're merely providing the kinds of raw materials, if you will, which are, you know, really the residue of the imagination, the remains of the imagination,
And that's our record of recording.
And so people study it.
And that's what we're about.
I'll give you one quote, and then we'll leave on that.
But Roger Kennedy, he's a friend of mine.
He was just talking to him recently in his new book on Greek Revival Architecture.
But we were talking about his collections.
He said, he was just talking about what he does.
He said, you know, I am as fascinated, perhaps even more fascinated by junk.
by the junk of it.
Because if you look just at the masterpiece, you don't know what led up to the masterpiece.
If you look around the landscape, if you look at the things that were described, but also the things that were built upon it, then you understand the masterpiece better.
Absolutely.
I think that's precisely what you're saying.
Yeah, it's precisely that.
I mean, the context.
in which the scholars work is important.
We're trying to provide a view of the A's.
I mean, we're trying to provide a broader understanding.
Sure, it's great to have all Graham-Breen's material even was material here, and they are obviously people of, you know, the second generation of writers of the 20th century that are extremely important, Shaw and earlier, or whatever.
But I am not at all worried about the investment they were making in the post-50s,
Furthermore, you know, the material that is available from the younger writers, if you wait for the jury to come back in, you're going to pay a premium that escalates so rapidly that, sure, you're not taking any risk, but you're paying for nothing.
And then on the other hand, if you go along with literary fashion,
You know, you'd throw out the Melville.
Sure.
Who was totally rejected his whole lifetime.
I mean, 1928, they found Billy Gladden and all of a sudden... Oh, we have papers here of people that might not be studied in the next 20 years, but they'll probably be studied later.
I don't doubt that.
But that's your job.
To make that study.
Yeah, that's right.
And to make it available.
You see, the other thing that I get such a great kick out of you is that I teach a seminar in the spring.
And the feeling that comes on these young students who have been studying literature for six or seven years, and undergraduates and non-graduates, and, my God, I'm reading letters that James Joyce wrote in his hand.
I'm reading his manuscripts.
What is this?
This is, as one person, as a kid said, it blows my mind.
I feel the electricity.
And you get these kids, let me do something else.
You read a letter that's just been discovered, like a Falken letter, and someone will read that letter.
Except for the sender of the letter, or certainly whatever, this might be, I might be the first voice that ever read Falken.
It's the first time it's ever been written, or it's, you know, read aloud.
I mean, that's a scary thing.
Everybody's kidding.
And then you get this sense of an original material
There's no critics poured over, never been read about the book, and all of a sudden I'm making migrations.
There's some material here of Eliot who's .
This was Eliot's publisher, trying to get some other person to write material.
So that's a view of Eliot that isn't even in his biographies or something.
I'm going to write about that.
So, you know, there is this, you know, the great thrill of all this is a wonderful thing.
It's a fascinating thing.
That's all right.
Is there anything else?
Now, remind Ray, and I'll get you a couple of those.
Do you know where this was aired at all?
I might even say so.
That's why Jet Light British Solid comes in their new book.
Ah!
Nothing small-scale in Texas.
The Humanities Research Center, the HRC, stored 9 million modern literary manuscripts.
The British holdings alone...
... ... ... ... ...
I don't think it's my business to disseminate what would be as interesting as a scholar and what works as a scholar.
We have to get a certain amount of effort.
We find that it's really impossible.
Only way that I can get scholars to decide is that how scholars can get the first and the first.
And then ultimately, what would be as immediate interest and what would be as interesting beyond our lifetime?
I myself, I don't think it's a significant amount of interest between viewers and others.
Now, I think that, Dr. Miller, you thought it's related to the writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing, then he was writing.
Good morning, my guest.
Have a good day.
For most people, we didn't know the effect that hit the headlines in 1956.
When a man climbed this wide attack, he found this shot then to 13 people with a high-powered rifle.
And often, the news comes down.
It starts to become less separate and valid.
Nonetheless, back in 1957, he must have seen the non-rightly trace that Harry Lenton's of service and language was allowed, to mind a lot of Yale or Oxford.
His successor was the first time.
His father's judicial collecting hands would have been rather detailed, because what it seems to do would have had potential needs to be effective.
Nevertheless, he was prepared to get him again at 3 a.m.
one morning, he made the...
is not the beginning of the literary process, but rather the end.
And that the reading is what the facts are really preliminarily.
The author's note is collected notes, and then it's collected in the files, and then it's collected in the files, and then it's collected in the papers, and then after the book.
who have developed a style of structure, which while there's been many manuscripts saved in the world by people, take their copies, the beginning of a full new series of complete author's archives to start the development of this project in the world.
The University of Texas has a bright edge over often in there, it ends with an oil well, so writers learn from their times and even their way to think about it,
with anything that's at my time.
Christopher Bigsby, he was the person who narrated this whole thing?
Michael Holloway, yes.
And the whole regions are unlikely, especially if they're connected to the British.
For example, there's a tremendous question derived from the British license, and that's the reason I have it.
I think there are five networks of the manuscript of George from which are John Bowles on the Island that we have in the collection.
And this is the original manuscript of John Bowles on the Island.
And then it's the Sidney Conway, a popular, and I think that's it.
I think this is the case that's definitely in the first century edition
I believe that's right.
We can still request a similar publication on a case-by-case basis, but the general policy is that we deserve a secondary publication, or anything that's been there entirely.
Because the wrong way people won't come to Texas if they can actually clear to tell that that's what we need to do.
So it's all we need to do.
I have seen actually the difference of all four years in life, except
The result was, I had spent longer there, and it was much more expensive, and that would be the second I had in the first of the book.
But it was master before, because those mentors still want a lot of action.
It shows some of the pages written by a child.
It shows 35 pages on free trade.
What it shows is that his trade and his politics were part of the same attitude.
And it shows how his marriage supported it.
And what is also happening is the
documents, notes, correspondence surrounding us.
And it's about revisions, about the personal, about costumes, designs, correspondence with actors, I guess, .
So what can I now get a little bit of all of that?
Well, we know that what we're here, we know it's a .
There's another amazing incident for that.
When a person was asked by the VVC, he did an advance ambituary of charge, and he was having a pain.
when Cha died, and he handed it over to Cha, perhaps because he's just gotten so used to doing that for Cha's review.
And Cha, I think unaware that he was reading his editorial, has changed part of the text to begin the great career which has just come to
Sure, Mr. Peniel, a man, who not only had half an eye on posterity, but had also determined that posterity should think all the difficult to think.
Even more, another writer, who won't be told against it,
It's been not the general people thought of him, even when he was alive.
And of course, even more, he didn't really achieve so much of this.
Heckle Davies.
Where?
I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean, of course, I mean,
I went back to the war diary, and I was named for war scholar, and I had an artist off there myself.
I was rising the shelves once around me, and I wouldn't say bought the leftist, straight to the English, because it was in London, so you have this one.
The fact is that there's nothing in the court, which is like anybody.
But there might have been.
And whenever that is himself and my copycat, the information, the letters like that, then you can't authorize it at all.
So what does that mean to be quite like or published?
Another person who was used in the U.S.
was still colony.
Colony had a life-long friendship.
He wrote a life-long enemy.
And war played by a certain type of colony, which is rather contemptible, and regarded as it was represented in the most foolish side of what interests you like, not as a transitoral.
At the end of World War II, Charlie published Young, Quiet, Brave.
And we went through the text a few afterwards there.
We found war was properly on the shelf there.
We opened it.
Now, although war is attacked, it opens things, and it's a very foolish view of it.
Charlie always seeks to be a war admirer.
And we opened that
This is Gerald Carley, which Ron has very heavily annotated.
And he asked himself at the beginning, why should I be interested in reading this book at all?
And answered, because Gerald Carley was a typical man of my generation, and I think he was very much concerned with himself.
under-representative of this case.
The comparisons involve complementary, clear in response to something that Connors has written to lash out and cleave me out, where did he pick up these nations and include elements of that in response.
Yes, we have lost personal libraries.
And there is evidence that this relationship is still another one of the contemporaries there.
And that Graham Greene presented almost entire library which is lost to law, nicely inscribing many of the bodies.
I think they have quite a relaxed relationship and they're very fond of one another, as you can tell from the description.
And the third man, this man may be reaching to the bridesmaid.
It's pretty awesome.
This is the first question that comes to mind.
My mind is, what does it refer to the bridesmaid and the third man?
It's always a matter of time.
I think it's already been proven in a number of years ago.
It's a very comprehensive for what
and comprehensive anywhere.
We're looking at the ones for the first volume of the large portion of the jewel in the crown.
It begins with brief notes on small bits of paper and goes through holographs, notebooks, typescripts, typescripts, page 3.
In this particular notebook, he's sort of commanding himself to begin writing with golf.
Just get done here.
You've made enough notes about what you think you might want to do.
Now start writing.
We were fortunate in being able to acquire these manuscripts to compose about what we were still living, so he could make a little note for us, putting up in to where ideas fit into the sequence of the entire novel.
Here he's written that the minute he was as an officer is really the very first idea he wrote down
This is the story of a rape.
with the events that led up to it and followed it in a situation which it happened.
We have a shot here of a steer.
So long as good copies are kept in the country of politics, I would be in favor of that internationally.
Because what we know is the context, not the magical regimen.
Today, Texas is spending much of its money conserving what it's got.
With the arrival of the word processor and the floppy disk, the days when you could follow the growth of a novel or a kind in photographic paper may anyway be gone forever.
But meanwhile, carefully preserved in the air-conditioned vaults of the University of Texas are some very familiar parts of British culture.
Goodbye, Mr. Dior.
Mind you, don't you turn away, little kiddo.
You'd be a merry-go-rounder.
People would say, quite little kiddos and brains is really wanting to know.
Well, goodbye.
Christopher Biggs was in Texas.
In her earlier novels, like The War Between the Caves,
I didn't say that.
Tell me what we're looking at, Roy.
Well, in this case, you're looking at the world's first permanent photograph made by Joseph Misevorniep in 1826, or possibly 1827.
It was made on a pewter plate with a brief exposure of eight hours.
And it is the single image formed in camera on the pewter plate, which was the material that held the sensitized emulsion in it, and then processed that even by him.
And the fixed image is a view from his third-story window of the outbuildings of his estate in France.
Texas acquired this how?
It was part of the Gernstein collection.
It was purchased in 1963.
Uh-huh.
we're looking at is the gutenberg bible photography in your response response was that only more so because there are a number of gutenberg bibles there's only one first photograph this is probably closer to your gutenberg bible this is the world's first photographically illustrated book the pencil of nature by william henry fox talbot which exists in a couple of dozen examples we have one complete set
We have some things here that you're going to do.
A bit of the history of it.
What would you say that would be worth in the open market?
Nothing to compare it with, they don't know.
They put a price on the first, but it's a unique.
But it's unique.
It's wonderful, yeah.
And Mr. Gernstein talked to Dan.
He just told it.
It took him years to find it.
Is that a story?
It's in there.
Is it in there?
He spent years trying to figure out where it was and found it through the family of later purchases.
He did the work for it.
He was a good detective.
Let me show you a little bit of the archive.
Excuse me, where once again are we now?
What would you call this?
This is the equipment archive.
We have about 3,000 pieces of photographic apparatus from the 19th and 20th century.
For example, the first roll film camera from 1888.
You cross the button, we do the rest camera.
How does this assist the star?
Ooh, that's great.
Isn't that?
That's a cane.
Is that American?
That's French, actually.
The American ones were done like this one was designed to be like a pocket watch.
There's another in here that's like a binocular.
How would you say this is useful to scholars?
I mean, is this a museum archive here?
Well, any time you deal with objects beyond just literary, you're dealing with objects which are, in one degree or another, have a museum generative basis, and so you have objects of various natures and various applications.
In the case of the equipment, it is often the people who are researching different styles of camera design work
are people who are using it in a supplementary fashion.
What type of camera took this type of picture?
So both functions are, I think, important to have for the equipment.
In the case of the prints and photographs, of course, it runs the opposite direction.
Is this a fine created art piece, or is it a photograph documenting some person or something again?
Either one of those flexible adaptations is a medium that came to the use.
turn of the century.
What is the earliest camera you had?
Probably a pre-photographic camera, the camera on Spiro, which was used for sketching in the late 1700s.
Do you have the type of device which made that first photograph?
I have something similar to it out in the case, the early de Garakhoff camera, which is essentially a large wooden box camera.
which had a lens opening and a place to place the slide with the synthesized plate in it.
How did he make the print from the pewter plate?
How did he make a print from that?
He didn't.
He just had the single image on the pewter plate.
In modern-day terms, we photograph that plate.
artificially increased the density of the image by increasing the development.
I think the final print was actually pre-identified negative sandwiched together to further increase the density.
It probably never looked as contrast as it does on the copy print right there.
The interesting thing about that first photograph is that when it was exhibited in the 1890s, some people said, what a brilliant stunning image, and other people recorded it as saying they couldn't see a thing.
Even back then, we have discrepancies as to what it looked like.
Has anyone tried it?
Does it work?
I have not, no.
Do we learn films for any of these things?
Take the movie.
There have been a couple of examples where we have committed people to learn films, too, yeah, but very rarely.
We've tried to preserve in the present.
It's been a lot very different.
The reference library, which currently is about 25,000 volumes now.
And then the print archive.
There's all the small formats.
The literary files all on the east wall over there.
Any time that the statement of the season war or somebody come in, the photographs are separated.
So these are related to the literary stuff.
That was one of the recent discoveries in which Kerensky turned out to be, his father was a school official at the 20th century in Russia.
in the area of Pashtun, in the Asian area, where they're actually having some troubles now.
And these are some pictures that he collected from the late 1890s of the natives of that area.
And look at all of the photographs from the Alfred A. Kuhnock collection.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, twelve, twelve, twelve, fourteen.
Oh boy, if I go on a nine, nine, fifteen, fifteen,
Are these pictures that he shot himself?
Yeah, everything.
Could you just take one out of family snapshots?
They could be family snapshots.
They could be working professional photographers.
We'll have to just see.
Emotional shot of him, young, with the boys always.
A more professional portrait of, let's say,
I am convinced pretty much in terms of photographs and often do the value of the photographic illustration and probably doing anything out in terms of photographs.
He also did some amateur work himself, too.
Other people have strong associations.
The Shaw photographs down there, for example.
He, for years, worked with a very famous British photographer and Frederick Evans.
He was also a book dealer.
And Frederick Evans actually printed some of Shaw's negatives very long ago.
D.H.
Lawrence.
Lawrence is a very strong visual authority.
Cotton Lake, of course.
He was found throughout the facility.
Earl Stanley Gardner was another person who certainly dabbled in photography as well.
We have a number of stereo views.
Probably 10 cents a day still.
Unidentified photographer's box.
It's always something we don't know yet.
I will find it.
Maybe here.
Here you go.
Yes, but again, this is my non-publication.
We're browsing.
We're trying to find out what they're interested in, what they want to do, what they want to research, and see what we can help them with.
No, we try to accommodate as best we can when we're reaching the stage
We'd like to know that's how many of this is possible.
One of the rare and nicer pieces in the collection is in Grinsheim's collection, five original albums compiled by Lewis Peele, who was an amateur.
He was, actually.
And so one of these original compositions of his.
In fact, it's, you know,
And it's everything from family and associates to friends.
I think he was one of the most talented portraitists, so sweet.
Even though he considered himself an amateur.
Lighting himself an amateur.
He's a bachelor.
I wonder, is Alice Liddell in there?
She's not in this album, but I do have about three photographs of her.
Contrary to the Walt Disney cartoon, she is not
the girl with long blonde hair.
But she was quite better than it.
There were more popular models that used to be family than I was.
She was quite taken by Alice, don't I?
Oh, yes.
There were many women, which include everything from books and literature about the theater, the screenplay, to
Norman Valgette's original set design, industrial design, material, costume design, all biographical files of different artists, and performing artists.
I should point out how a naked artist is doing that.
And try to keep it clean so we can find the one next time we need to use it.
And you run into a biography file, you can pull it out and find any sort of individual who was into performing arts for any sort of way.
So it's in this case.
Actors or director of the form are you looking for?
Yeah, it was a great moment.
And we're all very white and white and white and white and white and white.
This is the MGM maps for different films.
The actual artist map that we used to be photographed with the action, superimposed with the action to sort of give the effect of the whole city.
Hello.
Is there a fire?
No.
I'm sorry.
Daddy's set designs there.
We saw the marionettes, by the way, yesterday.
Okay, then you said, all right.
There goes my big finish.
Anyway, and then there's a whole room up here with the Feldman papers.
Did they show you that?
Ah, they didn't.
But I think we better go see the deal.
Yes, you must.
How long have you been here?
Have you been with us?
May as well get you on campus.
Oh, right, yes.
Also, that dates me to do that.
Yes, I came to the university first as a Fulbright Extension student in 1965, and then again in 1962.
So you've been here.
Yes.
I came the first time, you know.
But you were here really when the whole HRC concept was?
Exactly.
In fact, I met Ransominen at that time, although perhaps I was.
But then when I did it, it was very interesting.
And then I went back to my university there, where we always had professors from different countries coming to teach languages.
And it just so happened that for about a year after I was first, Professor Robert came to New York, who was, you know, .
So I knew always from the very beginning.
And in fact, the idea of my coming back in 1952 with an audition
was that I could do some research in American literature, you know, in this material where I didn't see me, and this is an exciting part of it, and so in that time I had done this job before, couldn't do it, not started, so I was teaching in the U.S.
language department, that was there, and I thought it was an interesting part of it.
Were you impressed by Dr. Ransom?
Yes, I was.
I was very much impressed.
Also, I remember the fact that it was very important, especially now looking back.
I was very young when I came, the best time when I was really quite young when I came to teach a person like Dr. Anthony.
I wouldn't say to have some of your piano ideas, but to have some respect on the culture, which was more
And he, you know, was urging me to do my research.
And even the truth of this was the fact that, yes, Ransom was a very easy person to establish a new contractor.
if the idea that people are suggesting or talking about .
I believe that still for some people here, it was really difficult for them to grasp what they wanted to do.
But I am still very much in thinking of the kind of thinking about .
And that's what I .
Can you mention that?
Yes, because you see,
He was able to foresee.
He was able to look ahead.
He had this vision.
So I was very impressed with that.
And I was very grateful to really do something for him and with him.
So at the beginning, was that .
So that's what I came for.
And that's why .
The tower at that time, right?
Yes, the tower, exactly.
And of course I was, you know, delighted to see that.
We were, in fact, Dr. Robert, who asked me to see that, and she started saying, you must come back, you must come back, you must come here, you know.
And so, I would say, this connection
and this relationship that it has for me sort of did not allow me to see some of the, let's say, kind of the seeds of some problem that could develop later if all we were going to talk about
It was possible to develop the things at that time, because of that moment, because that year he had that view.
It was just a very good, fertile moment for the female to happen.
And so it was.
The thing that, and as I said, you know, the discussion we had in his office, and he was the kind of person that I really enjoyed talking with because of his project, and also because his project in the moment were possible, they were happening.
But we must keep in mind that those were different moments, and we had different people in the moment.
As I say, it is kind of a hindsight decision.
At that time, I thought, yes, everything was possible.
Well, time changed.
So in looking back, I think that the only
I don't know for your sake, but the only thing that I always think about, that kind of person, cannot even mention, cannot even think.
The moment this period ends, we have to look back to something else.
And we were a young university, a young
So I cannot really blame anybody for saying, aha, why are you doing that?
You're a European.
How did you feel about coming to Texas?
It's French, especially the first time.
But I didn't even know.
I mean, the food room, you don't know.
So when I announced that you were telling me the text of it, I said, why?
And of course, in the history of it's a lot.
But in the program, especially with .
And that is Spanish .
And that was my .
And then, of course, .
And I still...
would not get into the reality system.
You don't.
You really can when you are young and when you are leading this period.
You really can.
But there's nothing.
Any moment that you are put down with the answer, or the same as people who are being done in the marriage, maybe the children, and others, or if this is not going to be left forever, just think about the future.
Yeah, let's talk about that.
So what sometimes people look back today and ask, the people who are not the other thing, the people who do not know, the people who do not understand what they do, today they say that they are, you know, visionaries, you know, what do they do?
I think it's the wrong one of those things.
We, they knew there was an anthropologist at that time, and the idea of the things that changed so hard on their minds,
But, no, you could not become more realistic, just like asking a 20-year-old to become really sick and sick in terms of the future.
You really can't.
And because, sure, there are a lot of things that I could have done in my own situation, but I didn't even think about it.
Neither at all.
I really don't have an idea.
Let's do it.
But then, you know,
We dealt with those problems the best way we could, and that had been many.
But to me, it's still, I mean, we are receiving a legacy of that, and the people of them have left to us.
And my community legacy, there are some problems that we have today, because things cannot go on in the same time, always in a different way, naturally.
So if they kind of let the rain, we lost it to a short time.
But personally, I have been very satisfied and very happy for, in my own personal life, the way I have been, for adapting myself and adapting to this time.
Because more than adapting, it's just keeping the flexibility and really believing the way we approach people.
And I would have done it by everything in my own Germany.
But the thing that made it worth it,
in the academic environment is the things that I was offered to do, that I had the opportunity to land it.
Something should be done that I just had it that very thing.
These kind of opportunities I would not have had.
Because at that time, when I left with the .
I got my degree, very good compared to the other ones, a lot of dissertations in the American literature.
I was in my mind.
There would have been no idea, no push, no inspiration for the literature.
So that's the kind of thing that I actually feel very much.
Well, do you think you could have found it elsewhere in the States, or was it pretty unusual?
Oh, yes.
No, I think I could have found that in the States.
I think it was an American artist.
It developed a different way in the States.
Maybe in a place like , there are some that have an easier atmosphere for this intellectual development.
There is more of that there.
But on the other hand, I think that's something.
give up something and take something.
But I think it's very important to consider, and I see that when I collect it all the time.
I feel like I'm closer to the younger generation, because only now, because of the age 20 or 30, I'm beginning to do the things that I have been allowed, that I have allowed myself, that I have thrown myself into, you know.
But that is something that is very important.
Whether later on, you know, problems, abilities, and things kind of on the way to stop it.